#### 4.1

-   **Java 9 and higher are now supported**

-   **CSI:FingerID trainings structures available**
    - Trainings structures available via WebAPI.
    - Trainings structures are flagged in CSI:FingerID candidate list.

-   **SMARTS filter for candidate list (GUI)**

-   **Molecular Property filter for candidate list (GUI)**    

-   **Running prediction workers of the CSI:FingerID webservice can be queried from SIRIUS**

-   Improved connection handling and auto reconnect to Webservice

-   Improved error messaged    

-   Improved stability and load balancing of the CSI:FingerID webservice

-   Several bug fixes
    
#### 4.0

-   **Fragmentation tree heuristics**

-   **Negative ion mode data is now supported**

-   **Polished and more informative GUI**
    - **Sirius Overview:** Explained intensity, number of explained peaks, median mass deviation  
    - **Fragmentation trees:** Color coding of nodes by intensity/mass deviation,
      more informative Fragmentation tree nodes
    - **CSI:FingerID Overview:** Number of Pubmed publication with pubmed linking for each Candidate,
      Visualization of CSI:FingerID score.
    - **Predicted Fingerprints:** Visualisation of prediction (posterior probability), predictor quality (F1)
      and number of training examples.    
    - Several small improvements            
    
-   **CPLEX** ILP solver support

-   Consider a specific list of **ionizations for Sirius**

-   Consider a specific list of **adducts for CSI:FingerID**

-   Custom ionizations/adducts can be specified (CLI and GUI)

-   **Full-featured** standalone **command line version** (headless
    version)

-   Improved **parallelization** and task management

-   Improved stability of the CSI:FingerID webservice

-   Time limit for fragmentation tree computations

-   Specify fields to import name and ID from .sdf into a custom
    database (GUI).

-   CSI:FingerID results can be **filtered by Custom databases** (GUI).

-   Better filtering performance (GUI)

-   Bug fix in Database filtering view (GUI)

-   Error Reporter bug fixed (GUI)

-   Logging bugs fixed

-   Many minor bug fixes

#### 3.5

-   **Custom databases** can be imported by hand or via csv file. You
    can manage multiple databases within Sirius.

-   New **Bayesian Network scoring** for CSI:FingerID which takes
    dependencies between molecular properties into account.

-   **CSI:FingerID Overview** which lists results for all molecular
    formulas.

-   **Visualization of the predicted fingerprints**.

-   **ECFP fingerprints** are now also in the CSI:FingerID database and
    do no longer have to be computed on the users side.

-   Connection error detection and refresh feature. No restart required
    to apply Sirius internal proxy settings anymore.

-   **System wide proxy** settings are now supported.

-   Many minor bug fixes and small improvements of the GUI

#### 3.4

-   **element prediction** using isotope pattern

-   CSI:FingerID now predicts **more molecular properties** which
    improves structure identification

-   improved structure of the result output generated by the command
    line tool **to its final version**

#### 3.3

-   fix missing MS2 data error

-   MacOSX compatible start script

-   add proxy settings, bug reporter, feature request

-   new GUI look

#### 3.2

-   integration of CSI:FingerID and structure identification into SIRIUS

-   it is now possible to search formulas or structures in molecular
    databases

-   isotope pattern analysis is now rewritten and hopefully more stable
    than before

#### 3.1.3

-   fix bug with penalizing molecular formulas on intrinsically charged
    mode

-   fix critical bug in CSV reader

#### 3.1.0

-   Sirius User Interface

-   new output type *-O sirius*. The .sirius format can be imported into
    the User Interface.

-   Experimental support for in-source fragmentations and adducts

#### 3.0.3

-   fix crash when using GLPK solver

#### 3.0.2

-   fix bug: SIRIUS uses the old scoring system by default when *-p*
    parameter is not given

-   fix some minor bugs

#### 3.0.1

-   if MS1 data is available, SIRIUS will now always use the parent peak
    from MS1 to decompose the parent ion, instead of using the peak from
    an MS/MS spectrum

-   fix bugs in isotope pattern selection

-   SIRIUS ships now with the correct version of the GLPK binary

#### 3.0.0

-   release version