##### 3.5
-   **Custom databases** can be imported by hand or via csv file. You
    can manage multiple databases within Sirius.
-   New **Bayesian Network scoring** for CSI:FingerID which takes
    dependencies between molecular properties into account.
-   **CSI:FingerID Overview** which lists results for all
    molecular formulas.
-   **Visualization of the predicted fingerprints**.
-   **ECFP fingerprints** are now also in the CSI:FingerID database and
    have do no longer have to be computed on the users side.
-   Connection error detection and refresh feature. No restart
    required anymore to apply Sirius internal proxy settings.
-   **System wide proxy** settings are now supported.
-   Many minor bug fixes and small improvements of the GUI

##### 3.4

-   **element prediction** using isotope pattern
-   CSI:FingerID now predicts **more molecular properties** which
    improves structure identification
-   improved structure of the result output generated by the command
    line tool **to its final version**

##### 3.3

-   fix missing MS2 data error
-   MacOSX compatible start script
-   add proxy settings, bug reporter, feature request
-   new GUI look

##### 3.2

-   integration of CSI:FingerId and structure identification into SIRIUS
-   it is now possible to search formulas or structures in molecular
    databases
-   isotope pattern analysis is now rewritten and hopefully more stable
    than before

##### 3.1.3

-   fix bug with penalizing molecular formulas on intrinsically charged
    mode
-   fix critical bug in CSV reader

##### 3.1.0

-   Sirius User Interface
-   new output type *-O sirius*. The .sirius format can be imported into
    the User Interface.
-   Experimental support for in-source fragmentations and adducts

##### 3.0.3

-   fix crash when using GLPK solver

##### 3.0.2

-   fix bug: SIRIUS uses the old scoring system by default when *-p*
    parameter is not given
-   fix some minor bugs

##### 3.0.1

-   if MS1 data is available, SIRIUS will now always use the parent peak
    from MS1 to decompose the parent ion, instead of using the peak from
    an MS/MS spectrum
-   fix bugs in isotope pattern selection
-   SIRIUS ships now with the correct version of the GLPK binary

##### 3.0.0

-   release version